contribution-overviews/2024-07-06.md, before:

# Contribution Overview 2024-07-06

## PRs by Repository

```mermaid
pie
    "tscircuit/cli" : 4
    "tscircuit/builder" : 1
    "tscircuit/react-fiber" : 1
    "tscircuit/3d-viewer" : 1
```

## Contributor Overview

| Contributor | Major | Minor | Other |
|-------------|-------|-------|-------|
| seveibar | 3 | 4 | 0 |

## Changes by Repository

### tscircuit/cli

| PR # | Impact | Contributor | Description |
|------|--------|-------------|-------------|
| [#69](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/69) | Major | seveibar | Remove sqlite, refactor to use level |
| [#68](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/68) | Major | seveibar | Introduce a new level-based database schema and handler to migrate the application off SQLite. |
| [#67](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/67) | Major | seveibar | Add test setup for dev-server-api |
| [#71](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/71) | Minor | seveibar | Move the `example-project` directory from `tests/assets` to the root directory. |

### tscircuit/builder

| PR # | Impact | Contributor | Description |
|------|--------|-------------|-------------|
| [#66](https://github.com/tscircuit/builder/pull/66) | Minor | seveibar | Handle the case when the `board_thickness` property is `undefined` by setting it to 0 as a fallback. |

### tscircuit/react-fiber

| PR # | Impact | Contributor | Description |
|------|--------|-------------|-------------|
| [#12](https://github.com/tscircuit/react-fiber/pull/12) | Minor | seveibar | Introduce updates to dependencies, including @tscircuit/builder, @tscircuit/props, and add @tscircuit/log-soup. |

### tscircuit/3d-viewer

| PR # | Impact | Contributor | Description |
|------|--------|-------------|-------------|
| [#3](https://github.com/tscircuit/3d-viewer/pull/3) | Minor | seveibar | Remove old app files, support not having a PCB board |

## Changes by Contributor

### seveibar

| PR # | Impact | Description |
|------|--------|-------------|
| [#69](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/69) | Major | Remove sqlite, refactor to use level |
| [#68](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/68) | Major | Introduce a new level-based database schema and handler to migrate the application off SQLite. |
| [#67](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/67) | Major | Add test setup for dev-server-api |
| [#66](https://github.com/tscircuit/builder/pull/66) | Minor | Handle the case when the `board_thickness` property is `undefined` by setting it to 0 as a fallback. |
| [#12](https://github.com/tscircuit/react-fiber/pull/12) | Minor | Introduce updates to dependencies, including @tscircuit/builder, @tscircuit/props, and add @tscircuit/log-soup. |
| [#71](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/71) | Minor | Move the `example-project` directory from `tests/assets` to the root directory. |
| [#3](https://github.com/tscircuit/3d-viewer/pull/3) | Minor | Remove old app files, support not having a PCB board |

Commit message:

update readme when updating contribution overview

contribution-overviews/2024-07-06.md, after:

# Contribution Overview 2024-07-06

## PRs by Repository

```mermaid
pie
    "tscircuit/cli" : 4
    "tscircuit/builder" : 1
    "tscircuit/react-fiber" : 1
    "tscircuit/3d-viewer" : 1
```

## Contributor Overview

| Contributor | Major | Minor | Other |
| ----------- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| seveibar    | 2     | 5     | 0     |

## Changes by Repository

### tscircuit/cli

| PR #                                            | Impact | Contributor | Description                                                              |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [#69](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/69) | Major  | seveibar    | Remove sqlite, refactor to use level                                     |
| [#68](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/68) | Major  | seveibar    | Introduce a new level schema and handler to migrate off SQLite.          |
| [#71](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/71) | Minor  | seveibar    | Move the example-project folder to the root directory of the repository. |
| [#67](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/67) | Minor  | seveibar    | Adds a GitHub Actions workflow for testing the dev-server-api component. |

### tscircuit/builder

| PR #                                                | Impact | Contributor | Description                                                     |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [#66](https://github.com/tscircuit/builder/pull/66) | Minor  | seveibar    | Handle undefined board thickness in the ComponentBuilder class. |

### tscircuit/react-fiber

| PR #                                                    | Impact | Contributor | Description                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [#12](https://github.com/tscircuit/react-fiber/pull/12) | Minor  | seveibar    | Updates and improvements to soup logging and CAD model handling. |

### tscircuit/3d-viewer

| PR #                                                | Impact | Contributor | Description                                          |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| [#3](https://github.com/tscircuit/3d-viewer/pull/3) | Minor  | seveibar    | Remove old app files, support not having a PCB board |

## Changes by Contributor

### seveibar

| PR #                                                    | Impact | Description                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [#69](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/69)         | Major  | Remove sqlite, refactor to use level                                     |
| [#68](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/68)         | Major  | Introduce a new level schema and handler to migrate off SQLite.          |
| [#66](https://github.com/tscircuit/builder/pull/66)     | Minor  | Handle undefined board thickness in the ComponentBuilder class.          |
| [#12](https://github.com/tscircuit/react-fiber/pull/12) | Minor  | Updates and improvements to soup logging and CAD model handling.         |
| [#71](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/71)         | Minor  | Move the example-project folder to the root directory of the repository. |
| [#67](https://github.com/tscircuit/cli/pull/67)         | Minor  | Adds a GitHub Actions workflow for testing the dev-server-api component. |
| [#3](https://github.com/tscircuit/3d-viewer/pull/3)     | Minor  | Remove old app files and support not having a PCB board.                 |
